hey what's up everyone it's justin here
and today i'm here to show you how to
unlock an iphone 5s this works with any
5s on a GSM carrier for example AT&T
t-mobile Rogers Telus and unlocks it and
enables you to use it with any other GSM
carrier in the world so pretty much
making it a factory unlock device in
this tutorial we will be unlocking it
through the unlocking company calm and
as I said before they offer the best
prices on the market fast delivery times
and great customer service and we will
be using a Rogers 5s as an example and
unlocking it to work with my telus
carrier so without further ado let's get
started so the first step as always is
to obtain the devices imei this can be
found on any device by typing in star
pound 06 pound in the collar and as you
can see there the imei does come up
another way to find that can also be
going into general about and scrolling
down and you will also find your imei so
next up we're going to need the unlock
code and in this case we will be using
the unlocking company calm so just head
over to their site and the steps are
very simple just select the devices
manufacture your phone model and the
next step is just to select the country
you purchase your device from and the
original network that it is on in our
case that is Rogers and the next step is
just to type in your imei that we just
obtained and below it will give you an
estimated cost and delivery date and
this varies between device and carrier
so after your device has been unlocked
within the estimated delivery window you
should receive an email from the
unlocking company in which we are ready
to actually start the unlocking process
so the first thing we're going to do is
remove the SIM card and in there we
currently do have our original rogers
sim card and all you got to do is take
out that sim card and put in your
foreign sim card in this case we are
hoping to use this device on the telus
network so you put in your tell a sim
card and a notification should pop up
telling you that activation is required
so the next step is very simple just
plug your device into the computer and
as you may notice by now the unlocking
process on an iPhone is quite different
compared to an Android device
immediately after it has detected that
you did put in a sim card that is
different from its original carrier it
should bring up a page that says
activate phone and all you got to do is
log into your Apple ID that is
registered with the device hit continue
and your device is now unlocked and as
you can see here we have on
the device I was originally on the
rogers network to work on our Telus
network and like I said it does work
with any other GSM carrier in the world
pretty much making it a factory unlock
device but aside from that I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and that this
tutorial helped you out and if it did be
sure to hit that thumbs up button and
I'll see you all in the next video